[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu and Gohan's
battle continued!
We're not done.
You're going to continue
entertaining me for as long
as you're still around.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, Goku raced
from the World of the Kais
back to Earth, this time
with the Potara earrings,
which allows him to merge
with another being!
[yells]
I'll vaporize everything!
[grunts]
[GOKU grunts]
[NARRATOR]
Goku returns to the fray, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
I remember battling you
the other day!
You kept transforming
into a stronger fighter.
Now what? You're back
to play the hero?
What a fool you are.
I'm stronger, faster,
and smarter than the Majin Buu
who already took you out
like yesterday's trash.
[GOKU chuckles]
Oh, Buu. If you were even
half as smart as you claim,
maybe you'd realize
the reason I'm back
is because I'm the one
who's got the real power up.
[SUPER BUU]
What?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Is your power up self-delusion?
[TIEN groans]
You knocked him out!
--[MR. SATAN] Uh-oh.
--[DENDE gasps]
Three eyes looked like
he knew how to fight,
but look at him now.
After a single kick,
he's down for the count.
And then there's you.
Talking about some power up.
I'll show you
how dumb you sound.
I don't care what
secret move you've got,
you won't be able to
even damage my new form,
let alone, destroy me.
[chuckles]
For a guy who seems to think
I'm nothing more
than a deluded weakling,
you sure were in a hurry
to put yourself back together.
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
You're cute. But that
won't get you any mercy.
Let's go!
Heh.
Gohan, catch!
[GOKU shrieks]
Pick it up, pick it up! Hurry!
[GOHAN]
Okay!
I need you to put
the earring on your right ear!
It'll let us merge together
and defeat Buu that way!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Your big plan is having me
fight another fused duo?
I'm confident that
won't put me in any danger,
so I'll spare you
from wasting your time.
I'm going to end your life
right here and now.
Wait, wait! Hold on!
Give us a minute, okay?
Pretty please.
[GOHAN]
Where'd it go?!
Aaagh. That clumsy putz!
It's over.
You die!
I don't think so! Aaah!
[yells]
Too late!
[GOKU] Gohan! You need
to find that earring now!
[GOHAN]
I know!
[yells]
[GOHAN]
I found it!
[SUPER BUU yells]
[GOHAN]
Whoa!
[GOKU]
Buu!
[yelling]
Aw, don't be mad.
[laughing]
[yells]
Where is it?
Come on!
[SUPER BUU]
I'll finish you!
[yelling]
[groaning]
No, not now!
I know what's up! Ha-Ha!
Trunks and Goten reached
their fusion time limit
and reverted to normal!
So now Piccolo is dominant!
Well, well. Not so arrogant now,
are we, Majin Buu?
Your power level just crashed
like a lead balloon.
That's it!
[laughs]
Dad, I found it!
This was Elder Kai's
earring, right?
So, what exactly am I
supposed to do with it?
Now what?
[GOKU] Well, so much
for our big showdown, Buu.
There's no point in us merging,
or even me being
Super Saiyan now.
I'm confident Gohan alone
could take you down.
[SUPER BUU grunting]
Lucky for me then,
I set up an insurance policy
in case something
like this came to pass.
[GOKU] Insurance?
What are you talking about?
[GOHAN]
Huh?
The missing part of my head.
I never bothered restoring it.
Now why do you think that is?
[gasps]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[GOHAN screaming]
No, Gohan!
[yelling]
No! He can't!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
That's not fair! Damn it!
[KIBITO KAI gaps]
We're through.
There's no stopping him.
So what now?
I don't know.
[SUPER BUU groans]
[laughing]
Awesome! Now I'm even
stronger than I was
with the fused boys!
Ha! Best of all, there's
no time limit on these powers!
With Buu absorbing Gohan,
who am I gonna merge with now?
Think fast! There's gotta
be someone left!
Uuuh...
Tien is down for the count.
[gasps]
Well, there's still
Mr. Satan, I guess.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
All out of moves?
You said you didn't
need to merge with Gohan
any more to beat me,
so I thought I'd go ahead
and take him for myself!
[laughing]
[GOKU]
What do I do?
What can I do?
[SUPER BUU] You thought
you had it figured out,
but now when you really do need
to merge, there's no one!
Hey! You're a dirty
fighter, Buu!
Always stealing
other people's powers
instead of improving your own!
[laughing]
Like you haven't pulled out all
the stops in your
misguided effort to beat me!
[GOKU]
Damn you!
Hey, no reason to get
all bent out of shape
about your loss.
I'll kill you soon enough.
I promise you won't
feel anything other than pain!
Hey! How can Majin Buu
still be alive
after everything
that's gone down?
[DENDE]
Hmmm.
Yeah, and worst part is
I'm all outta ammunition
for my pistol. There's zero
chance I can finish him off now!
Yeah, you don't say.
So you don't leave this world
thinking I'm a total monster,
I'll give you a fighting chance
and still let you merge.
But there's one catch:
you only have until the count
of five to find a partner.
The clock starts now!
One...!
Two...!
[GOKU]
Dende isn't a warrior.
Merging with him won't
get me any more power.
[SUPER BUU]
Three...!
[SATAN GOKU grunting]
[GOKU] Merging with Mr. Satan
would give me such a small boost
it might as well be nothing.
In fact, he's such
a goofball it could actually
leave me weaker than I am now!
Four...!
Damn, he's left me
with no choice.
Mr. Satan!
Catch!
[GOKU]
Wait, what's that?
[gasps]
[GOKU] I sense someone.
Someone strong!
[gasps]
Sorry to set you down
so far away from the action,
but I don't wanna get too close.
You're on your own
from here, sonny.
Ha. It's fine, witch.
It just buys me a little time
before I die again
trying to beat this bastard.
[BABA]
Hmm.
Five!
I think it's Vegeta!
[SUPER BUU] Time's up!
I guess you're not going
to make this interesting for me!
Oh well. I'll kill you!
All right!
Huh? Instant Transmission?
--[BABA] Well, good luck!
--[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU]
Vegeta!
[VEGETA]
Uh!
Awesome! Finally,
something's going our way!
What? Kakarot's here?
Ah! Goku!
[GOKU]
Yo.
How in the blazes
did you come back?
You're not supposed to be
running around on Earth again.
In fact, it violates
every law of the universe!
What?! How did
Vegeta get back there?
And with perfect timing, too.
All he and Goku
need to do now is merge
and the battle
against Buu is won!
[KIBITO KAI] But how
could he have come back?
Everyone who goes to Hell
has their soul cleansed
and memories erased
before they're turned
into a new life form.
How could someone like Vegeta
have been spared?
Great King Yemma
must have intervened
with a last second reprieve.
He may look goofy,
but when he comes through,
boy does he come through!
[laughing]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
You really think you can hide?
Whether you cower in a hole,
or flee to some distant planet,
I'll stop at nothing
to hunt you down!
And when I find you,
I will end you!
[MR. SATAN, BEE, DENDE groan]
[DENDE]
I think we're in the clear.
Hey, so uh, that pal
of yours in the orange
is named Goku, right?
It looked like
he was gonna give me
something important
a minute ago.
What was that thing?
What? Forget about that--
it doesn't matter anymore.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I've gotta find him!
Whoa, hold on! You can't
just leave me here all alone.
Please let me
tag along with you!
And don't you say no.
[barking]
Goku, how did this happen?
Not only are you back on Earth,
you don't have a halo?
Are you alive again?
Uh... Oh yeah, that.
It's a long story.
See, in exchange for the life
of this Elder Kai,
I got to come back--
[VEGETA grunts]
I'll fill you in
on the rest later.
Right now, we gotta worry
about Buu coming this way fast!
It's safer if you leave, Baba!
Right. Thanks for the tip, Goku.
I best be going now.
Good luck, boys,
I'll cheer you on
from Otherworld! Bye!
Honestly, Vegeta, I thought
you'd been sent down to Hell
and had your memory
wiped for sure.
That was pretty awesome
thinking by King Yama
to keep you around like this.
You must feel pretty lucky, huh?
[VEGETA grunts]
There's not much time!
Don't be difficult, Vegeta,
just put this on your right ear
before it's too late! Please!
What for?
If we're both
wearing this earring,
we can instantly merge
into an all-new fighter.
Merge with you?
[GOKU] Yes! And our powers
won't just be added together,
they'll be multiplied. We'll be
the strongest fighter ever!
Ridiculous. Our fates ride on
me wearing an earring?
But, Vegeta!
[SUPER BUU] I sense
you've managed to find
another powerful warrior!
Well, go on with your silly
fusion--it won't matter.
Nothing can stop me now.
You'll see!
Please, Vegeta. This is the
only way to defeat Majin Buu--
there's no time for your ego!
Why do I have to merge
with you of all people?!
If our survival really hinges on
that, I'd rather be obliterated!
Ha-ha! I found you!
Crap, he's here!
If you couldn't stop him
on your own last time,
it's not happening now!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
I'm begging you.
We have to do this!
I said no. It's never
going to happen, Kakarot!
Augh!
Give me your worst!
[yelling]
[SUPER BUU]
Hm. I know that face.
We fought before, didn't we?
When I first hatched
on this world?
It was pointless to come back.
You're no match for me now!
[DENDE]
Hang in there, Tien.
Good, I wasn't too late.
Dende, thanks. I owe you one.
Where's Goku?
And where's Majin Buu?
Goku teleported himself
with Instant Transmission.
Then Buu flew off to find him.
[TIEN]
I see.
[MR. SATAN] What? How many
magic tricks do you guys know?
Whoa! Hey.
[SUPER BUU] What's wrong, boys?
Lost your nerve?
[GOKU]
No, Vegeta! Don't!
You couldn't stop him before,
and this version of Buu
is way more powerful
than the one you faced.
Look at him, you know it's true!
[SUPER BUU]
Heh.
Of course I realize
he's stronger than me,
I'm not some power-blind idiot!
But if you think I'll back down,
then you still
don't know me at all!
I'll stand against my enemies
until my final breath!
I fight for my own pride
and the honor of
the whole Saiyan race!
[VEGETA yelling]
[VEGETA]
Damn it!
No! Don't, Vegeta!
[yells]
[VEGETA]
Oh, crap!
[yells]
Go merge! I won't stop you!
I'd like a little
challenge today!
[SUPER BUU]
Now die!
[laughing]
[GOKU]
Stop, Vegeta!
If you really want
to honor the Saiyan race,
then give yourself
a true chance to win!
Vegeta, you know I'm right!
Put on this Potara earring, now!
Please, Vegeta!
I don't know why
you're so angry,
but this isn't the time
to be stubborn!
Majin Buu will destroy
everything we know.
Everything there is!
I can't forgive you!
When we fought,
you had the ability to reach
a whole new level of power,
but instead you hid it
from me completely
and let me believe
we were equals!
I saw it all from
Otherworld, Kakarot.
You let me win so you
could keep the secret
of Super Saiyan 3
all to yourself!
I hate every
fiber of your being!
How could I merge with someone
who's handled me like a child?
Look. I'm sorry, Vegeta.
But I wasn't trying to trick you
or keep secrets
from you or anything.
I just couldn't stay at
Super Saiyan 3 for long and--
I don't want to hear excuses!
You held yourself back
like I didn't even
deserve your full power!
It was complete humiliation!
All this bickering
is getting on my nerves.
If you're not going
to merge and attack,
I might as well
finish you both off!
[yells]
[VEGETA]
Damn it! Take this!
[yells]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
It's no use. We can't
defeat him separately.
[GOKU] He's going to destroy
the entire Earth!
Are you really
gonna let that happen?
Well, why should I care?
Vegeta! Buu has absorbed every
person we ever cared about.
Krillin and Chichi, too.
Even Bulma!
[gasps]
[GOKU] Piccolo.
My sons, Gohan and Goten.
And your boy, Trunks.
They're all trapped
in Majin Buu!
They're the reason
for Buu's power.
You can't fight him alone!
If we lose, our friends
and families died for nothing!
Is that what you want?
To go out like helpless victims,
just so you can keep nursing
your foolish grudge?
How do you want this
to end, Vegeta?
[VEGETA grunts]
If we fuse, how sure
are you we can kill Buu
once and for all?
Look, I can't
give you a guarantee.
All I know for certain
is it'll multiply
our strength exponentially!
Are you ready for me
to put you out of your misery!
[yells]
Hurry. The earring!
What are you waiting for?
Give it to me now!
All right, catch!
I'm done playing games with you!
Damn it. You said
the right ear, yes?
Oh, the one thing I forgot.
Once we merge into a new body,
the fusion is permanent--
we can never be
two separate people again.
You got that?
What? Seriously?!
Thanks for the info!
Of course you wait
'til the end to tell me that.
Your lives are at an end!
It's on! What now?
Thanks, Vegeta. Here we go!
[laughing]
[BOTH]
Augh!
Aah--huh?
[yells]
All right!
[SUPER BUU]
Uuuh!
[NARRATOR] Goku and Vegeta
have fused into a new fighter!
The greatest duel in
the history of the universe
is about to begin!
Majin Buu versus Vegetto!
Next, Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Well, it took some convincing,
but Vegeta finally agreed
to fuse with me!
Now let's take care of Buu!
[SUPER BUU] All right, that's
enough of your showing off!
You think merging with someone
I already sent
to Otherworld once
is enough to take me down?
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Nobody in
the universe can stand up
to the combined might
of Vegeta and my dad!